 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	It provides meaning to the web page, while allowing others to be able to read your code.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
	It is used for creating web pages.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	Attributes allow you to add specific information to an element, and you put it inside the element itself.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	It is used to make text larger and bold. Likely used only once because it’s normally used for titles and to display importance.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	img and the anchor tag.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	The title of our page.
    7. What is an id? 
	Can be used to give a unique id to an element, which can then be used in CSS to style that specific element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	Any element can have an id, but the id itself must be unique with a different name.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	Should only be used once on a page, though I imagine a web page may still display if they are used multiple times.
    10. What is a class? 
	It’s used to define equal styles for elements that use the same class name.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	Can be used an any element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	As many times as you like.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	<a target=“_blank”
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
	Allows you to add alternate text that would display if an image cannot be viewed.
    15. How do I reference an id?
	With # (then the id name)
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	A div has no special meaning, and acts as a container, a section is used to show a section of a document.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	It’s used to style an HTML web page.
    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	In CSS you select every h2 element with     h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	A class can be used multiple times and id’s are meant to be used only once. If you have a list of countries and you wish to style them all the same way with CSS, a class named “cities” could be used. But if you wanted to apply CSS to just one of those cities in that same list while not changing the others, you could give it an unique id so you can just style that one.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	With a . (Period then the class name)
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	.human p {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	#sidebar div:link {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	Basically it’s used for changing the state of an element when something happens to it, like hovering over text with the mouse.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform: uppercase    and     text:transform: lowercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	div {
		border: 1px dotted black;
		}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	The universal selector *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/*   “content”  */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
	It allows you to revert to a previous saved version if something breaks on the latest version, ensuring you don’t necessarily have to start over.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	Frequently, at least every 15 minutes.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	Fork the project.
	Add TL as collaborator.
	Copy repo.
	Navigate to where you want to save the project.
	Clone repo in desired folder.
	Create a new branch.
	Open project in code editor.
	Add changes to repo with git add .
	Commit changes to repo with git commit -m “add message detailing changes”
	Push changes to repo with git push.
	Go to repo on web browser and add TL as reviewer.
	Submit pull request when submitting project.